So let's add some business logic to our BookRepository by injecting the beans,
TextUtil and NumberGenerator.
We need to create these two extra beans,
wire them just by adding the @Inject annotation and make
sure our deployment descriptor is set up.
And as usual, we will improve our tests so they can deal with CDI injection.
So let's start with our requirements.
What we want is to sanitize the title of the book.
So here the book title is a title and the test pass.
But imagine if I had two spaces between a and title,
the test fail because, as you can see, I have two spaces instead of one.
So I want this test to pass, I want to get rid of double spaces.
And for that,
I'm going to create a utility class called TextUtil under the package util.
This class has one method called sanitize and as a
parameter it takes the textToSanitize.
So I return the textToSanitize and I replace all the
double or triple spaces with a single one.
So now I have to go to the BookRepository,
inject this utility class, so with @Inject from CDI,
TextUtil and let's call it textUtil,
and now before I persist the book in the database,
I'm going to sanitize the title of the book.
So I get the title of the book and sanitize it and
set it again before the persist.
For this to work, the CDI to work, we need a bean XML file.
So I create this special WEB-INF directory and inside I create the beans.
xml.
I'll leave it empty.
Back to the repository, I navigate to TextUtil.
Okay, time to run the test again.
Oh, the test breaks.
Let's scroll down the logs and see why.
Oh, again, class not found.
I need to tell ShrinkWrap to package the TextUtil class.
So here I just add this new class, TextUtil,
ShrinkWrap packages the jar, Arquillian deploys it to WildFly,
it works.
So now I've sanitized the title of the book.
Okay but there's one more thing I need to do,
is when I create a new book I want to generate an isbn number and
this isbn number starts with the number 13.
So here because I have isbn the test should fail now.
Yeah, isbn doesn't start with 13.
So let's create an interface NumberGenerator,
so that's not a class, let's change it, interface,
and this interface has one method that returns a string,
which is the isbn number.
This is an interface, so I have to implement it.
So let's implement this interface and let's call the class IsbnGenerator,
okay I override the generateNumber method and this method will
return a random number starting with 13.
And because our test expects 13, the test should then work.
So let's use a random number, an integer, yep.
Let's go back to the BookRepository and this time inject the interface,
not the implementation.
TextUtil is an implementation, but here I'm injecting NumberGenerator,
and CDI should find out that there's one implementation and inject it for me.
Book.
setIsbn so before persisting the book I generate a number.
Yep,
we have to tell ShrinkWrap to package the interface and the implementation both,
so NumberGenerator and IsbnGenerator.
And now if I run the test, yes green.
The isbn number starts with the number 13.
Good, I've sanitized the title,
I've generated an isbn number by changing the BookRepository,
injecting these two beans.
I've created an interface and an implementation, TextUtil, beans.
xml for CDI, and update the test. So let's change that, Module 8 - Injection, and commit the code.